                                                             CYRA CarGo 95

                                                             Select   File
                                                             Edit      Wax
                                                             Edit Sequence
                                                             Edit    Frame
                                                             Delay    Show
                                                             Show      Wax
                                                             Show Sequence
                                                             Show    Frame
                                                             Show     Cell
                                                             Save Wax File
                                                             Cells to  Pac
                                                             Config   Cyra
                                                             Pac(s) to Wax


    This is Cyras main menu, listing most of its functions for selection.
   

                                     
                                     
                                      Cyra
    Cyra is a full wax editor that will let you edit a wax files wax positions,
    sequence positions and frame positions. Cyra is basically a sequencer for
    cells. A wax file structure is designed to let the Jedi engine know what
    frames to play and in what order. Cyra will let you change the order of 
    things at will.
    
    Cyra will let you view the cells order of play through "Show Wax" and
    "Show Sequence" and "Show Frame". Show Cells will let you scroll through
    each cell. You can alter some vars in the "Edit" sections and save as
    a new wax if you wish.

                                 Cyra Points
    The "Edit" sections are an important feature( but not the only by far )of
    Cyra. You can scroll through each individual wax or sequence or frame or
    cell of any wax file and then use the "Show" features to see what you have
    chosen. I employed a floating variable approach, ( not floating decimal )in
    that whatever is selected in either the the edit or show sections, becomes
    the current object. Yeah, that's it, object oriented. That means that if
    wax 1 seq 1 frame 1 points to cell 15, cell 15 is the object. Don't worry
    it's all psycho babble anyway. You will get the hang of it.
    Those strange numbers that you can only select but not alter are file
    pointers. Just enter on a pointer you want to change and scroll through
    the valid choices.
                              
                              Cyra Knows Fmecad
    Two important features that unlock the door to new wax making are the Cells                        
    to Pac and the Pac to Wax sections. You will learn two new words, Waxpac
    and Pacwax. To make a waxpac simply select a wax THEN select Cells to Pac.
    You will be shown stats as to which cells will make Fmecad's cut. If this
    feature sounds familiar then you can throw Waxoff away since Cyras Cells
    to Pac does the job EXACTLY. I blew it the first time out.
    That brings up a limitation of the whole CarGo 95 expedition, 99 x 99 and
    you know what I mean. That means that some of the cells or all for that
    matter, may not make the cut. Don't sweat it though, hear me out.
   
                                 Pac this!
    Cloning is what a Pacwax is all about. A good solution to a nagging
    problem. While something of the Kell dragons size will not make it into
    Fmecad, you can still use its cell logic. Let me back up before moving
    forward. A perfect Cloning would be the storm trooper. All of its cells
    meet the 99 x 99 limit and two pac files are created. Run Fmecad and load
    the first pac. Notice the order, from 1 to 32, in which the cells were
    saved. Each cell represents an action of events. When drawing a new
    creature, the relative action and position of what you draw should be
    close to the original. If the cell you are drawing was originally walking,
    then your new cell should mimic that action. If the cell you are drawing
    was originally facing to the left then your new cell should mimic that
    position. The size of the creature does not matter. Cyra will compute
    new file positions. That is cloning defined by Cyra ( er.. me).
    So, what if some frames don't make the cut or none of the frames make the
    cut? The road is a little longer but the result will be the same. Make
    some shorthand of actions and positions while viewing the wax and adjust
    your pac files accordingly. Bangggg the logic has been cloned.

                                Cyra in Motion
    First, stuff Cyra along with a bemypal.pal file into a directory of
    your choice. Run the program and you will be prompted to supply
    path names for pacs, waxes, and the bemypal.pal. The path name MUST
    end with a backslash AND there must be at least one pac and one wax in
    their respective directorys. I set up this program as a GUI of sorts so
    the program should be easy to learn. With that in mind... Have at it.
                                  
    P.S. I changed the program since I wrote this text and all cells 
    regardless of their size, will be saved to Pac. That is at least a
    99 x 99 portion.
    
    Carlos

