
   
                               CYRA CarGo 95
                              Addendum 9/10/95


   Fixed:
         Troubling Pacwax build on some conversions
         ( All waxes I tested, Cloned perfectly )

   Added:Ability to extract a 99 x 99 portion of an oversized cell to Waxpac.
         ( If a cell is too big, grab a 99 x 99 section from the center of
         the cell and save as a max size frame to Fmecad. Trust me.. You will
         like it )


   Added:Ability to Clone a wax with fewer cells than original wax has. ( Has
         lots of potential but I haven't tested it a lot )

         Early on, I found that some DF waxes had holes in them. Pointers
         pointing to nowhere are a nightmare. The holes are in the "Frame"
         portion of the wax. Some frames were taken out of those waxes but
         the file did not reflect the change. Hmmm...

         I decided to trap the info by checking to see if the next pointer
         pointed to zero. If it does, I exclude it's recognition from Cyra.
         Aside from nice booby traps for programmers, a pointer that points
         to nowhere is gruesome.

         If an original wax has say.. 52 cells in it. Let's say Cyra 
         recognizes 50 of them. Only 50 cells can be made into some Waxpacs 
         and 50 cells will make the trip back. Cyra won't let you make a 
         Pacwax until the cells amounts are the same. That is the long road to 
         explaining why Cyra needed to be able to include and create a Pacwax 
         with fewer than the exact amount.

         So.. Cyra no longer requires you to have an exact match in numbers
         cells to convert to a Pacwax. The number can be fewer but not greater
         than the amount of cells reported in the wax being Cloned. 
         
         Enjoy...
         I'll be making some Pacwaxes if you need me.

         CYRA CarGo 95 is PostCardWare so send me one of your neck of the woods
         CarGo 95
         4407 Centennial Trail
         Duluth GA 30136
         